fusion upgrade recommendation and considerations (#7984)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-upgrade-steps.md

> ### Known limitations during upgrade

Author: ```suggestion
#### Upgrade considerations
```

> #### Known limitations during upgrade

Author: stripped this section and removed [this commit](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7984/commits/364df97081bdc70dabb9e886fb1a2a5bd9d1a3ed)  with more fleshed out steps as [Matt's pr](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/7963/files#diff-9a085af40e9903e655ea4a7088b10c54a2aa7d632866cb534d56af443f6750dd) updates the file with the recent upgrade flow

> #### Known limitations during upgrade

Author: ```suggestion
### Known limitations during upgrade
```

The following are known limitations during the upgrade process:

> - **Manifest incompatibility** &mdash; Fusion writes manifest v20; whereas the dbt Core engine writes to [earlier manifest versions](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). Manifests from different engines (Core and Fusion) can’t be used together across environments, so avoid using `state:modified`, `--defer`, or cross-env `dbt docs generate` until _all_ environments are upgraded to the **Latest Fusion** version. Using these features before all environments are on Fusion may cause errors and failures.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Manifest incompatibility** &mdash; <Constant name="Fusion" /> writes manifest v20; whereas the <Constant name="core" />e engine writes to [earlier manifest versions](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). Manifests from different engines (<Constant name="Core" /> and <Constant name="Fusion" />) can’t be used together across environments, so avoid using `state:modified`, `--defer`, or cross-env `dbt docs generate` until _all_ environments are upgraded to the **Latest Fusion** version. Using these features before all environments are on <Constant name="Fusion" /> may cause errors and failures.
```

- **State-aware orchestratio**n &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn't detect a change if a table or view is dropped externally. This means state-aware orchestration _will not_ rebuild it.
  - Workarounds:

>     - Use the **Clear cache** button on the Environment settings page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset). <!-- not avail yet and link to Bianca’s doc on instructions) --> OR

Author: ```suggestion
    - Use the **Clear cache** button on the selected Environment settings' page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset). OR
```

#### Upgrade considerations

Keep in mind the following considerations during the upgrade process:

> - **Manifest incompatibility** &mdash; <Constant name="fusion" /> writes manifest to version 20; whereas the <Constant name="core" /> engine writes to [earlier manifest versions](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). 

Reviewer: So what's missing here on lines 5-7 is the fact that Fusion does understand a core manifest, but core doesn't understand a Fusion manifest 
Also let's always call out Fusion explicitly and not call it "the engine" -- both core and Fusion are engines so we have to specify

Author: thanks so much @HopeMWatson ! will suggestion something else for this!

> - **Manifest incompatibility** &mdash; <Constant name="fusion" /> writes manifest to version 20; whereas the <Constant name="core" /> engine writes to [earlier manifest versions](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Manifest incompatibility** &mdash; <Constant name="fusion" /> is backward-compatible and can read <Constant name="core" /> [manifests](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json). However, <Constant name="core" /> isn't forward-compatible and can't read Fusion manifests.
 
```

>   Manifests from different engines (<Constant name="core" /> and <Constant name="fusion" />) can’t be used together across environments, so avoid using `state:modified`, `--defer`, or cross-env `dbt docs generate` until _all_ environments are upgraded to the **Latest Fusion** version. Using these features before all environments are on <Constant name="Fusion" /> may cause errors and failures.

Author: ```suggestion
 As a result, mixing <Constant name="core" /> and <Constant name="fusion" /> manifests across environments breaks cross-environment features. Use `state:modified`, `--defer`, and cross-env `dbt docs generate` only once _all_ environments run the latest <Constant name="fusion" /> version. Using these features before all environments are on <Constant name="Fusion" /> may cause errors and failures.
```

>   As a result, mixing <Constant name="core" /> and <Constant name="fusion" /> manifests across environments breaks cross-environment features. Use `state:modified`, `--defer`, and cross-env `dbt docs generate` only once _all_ environments run the latest <Constant name="fusion" /> version. Using these features before all environments are on <Constant name="fusion" /> may cause errors and failures.

Reviewer 2: Might be better to use "after" instead of "once" in this context
```suggestion
  As a result, mixing <Constant name="core" /> and <Constant name="fusion" /> manifests across environments breaks cross-environment features. To avoid this, use `state:modified`, `--defer`, and cross-environment `dbt docs generate` only after _all_ environments are running the latest Fusion version. Using these features before all environments are on <Constant name="fusion" /> may cause errors and failures.
```

> - **State-aware orchestratio**n &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn't detect a change if a table or view is dropped externally. This means state-aware orchestration _will not_ rebuild it.

Author: ```suggestion
- **State-aware orchestration** &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn't detect a change if a table or view is dropped externally. This means state-aware orchestration _will not_ rebuild it.
```

> - **State-aware orchestration** &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn’t detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **State-aware orchestration** &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn’t detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses.
```

> - **State-aware orchestration** &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn’t detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each dbt platform environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **State-aware orchestration** &mdash; If using [state-aware orchestration](/docs/deploy/state-aware-about), dbt doesn’t detect a change if a table or view is dropped outside of dbt, as the cache is unique to each <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> environment. This means state-aware orchestration will not rebuild that model until either there is new data or a change in the code that the model uses.
```

>   - Use the following workarounds:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Workarounds:**
```

>     - Use the **Clear cache** button on the target Environment settings page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset), or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Use the **Clear cache** button on the target Environment page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset), or
```
User doesn't have to go to the settings page to see the button:
<img width="1259" height="524" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/10abc6c3-8260-4f35-aea0-ff8dcce547eb" />

>     - Use the **Clear cache** button on the selected Environment settings' page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset) OR

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Use the **Clear cache** button on the target Environment settings page to force a full rebuild (acts like a reset), or
```

>     - Temporarily disable State-aware orchestration for the job and rerun it again.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Temporarily disable State-aware orchestration for the job and rerun it.
```
